Title: CUNY and CCNY general student discussion threads
Source: Reddit r/CUNY/r/CCNY copied manually

Content:
r/CUNY

Community highlights

Important dates and resources for CUNY students
32 votes • 0 comments
Announcement
Announcement: Posts about buying or selling tickets will be removed
24 votes • 3 comments
tweetibird
Anyone else having this issue?
u/Sea_Minimum2647 avatar
u/Sea_Minimum2647
4 hr. ago

Anyone else having this issue?
r/CUNY - Anyone else having this issue?

r/QueensCollege

QueensCollege
3.8K weekly visitors

Connect with fellow students, alumni, and staff at Queens College.

r/Baruch

Baruch
16K weekly visitors

The go-to subreddit for anything related to Baruch College and its community.

r/rutgers

rutgers
60K weekly visitors

Discover and share your knowledge with the community at Rutgers University.

r/BinghamtonUniversity

BinghamtonUniversity
12K weekly visitors

Share advice on classes, professors, and resources to help fellow Bearcats succeed.

Is it rude to leave graduation ceremony?
u/PassionJumpy avatar
u/PassionJumpy
6 days ago

Is it rude to leave graduation ceremony?
So like yesterday I graduated They spent like 2 hours giving speeches and awards to random cuny faculty (cool I guess) I pretty munch got called , sat down , clapped for everyone that received a diploma But within 20 mins when I realize I would be here for another hour and wanting to beat the rush of people (and noticing a lot of graduates heading for the exits as well ) I made a excuse to use the bathroom and leave I would have stayed but they forced us to listen to 2 hours of speeches no one really cares about. By the time diplomas were being handed out I was already so tired

Does anyone know why the Host Term is empty? And which college should I contact?
u/Re-Swim
10 hr. ago

Does anyone know why the Host Term is empty? And which college should I contact?
r/CUNY - Does anyone know why the Host Term is empty? And which college should I contact?

which one of you DMed this to Dr. Umar?
u/publiclibrarylover avatar
u/publiclibrarylover
1 mo. ago

which one of you DMed this to Dr. Umar?
r/CUNY - which one of you DMed this to Dr. Umar?

CUNY Brooklyn College Masters Application (Masters in Education)
u/Professional_Soil233 avatar
u/Professional_Soil233
11 hr. ago

CUNY Brooklyn College Masters Application (Masters in Education)
Hi everyone, I'm looking for some advice regarding a master's application that's been pending for quite a while. I originally applied in October 2025 for Spring 2026 admission to a Master's in Education program. My application was later transferred to a different graduate program in February 2026 following a faculty recommendation. Since the Spring term had already passed, my application was moved to Fall 2026 admission. It's now June, and I still haven't received a decision. I've contacted the Graduate Office multiple times, but they haven't been able to provide any updates and suggested that I reach out to the department chair directly. I also reached out to the chair but haven't received a response. Has anyone experienced a graduate application taking this long? I'm not sure what else to do at this point, as I've been consistently following up with no clear answers. It's becoming pretty frustrating, and I'd appreciate any insight or advice. Thanks!

How difficult is it to work full-time and go to school full-time?
u/LolKakashi124 avatar
u/LolKakashi124
6 days ago

How difficult is it to work full-time and go to school full-time?
Has anyone here successfully balanced full-time work while being a full-time student at CUNY? I'm trying to figure out what next semester is realistically going to look like. I'll be taking a full course load while working full-time, and I'm curious how it went for people who have done it before. How many hours were you working? Did your grades suffer? How much free time did you actually have? Were you constantly stressed or did you eventually find a routine that worked? Looking back, would you do it again or would you reduce your work hours or course load? I'm just trying to get a realistic idea of what I'm getting myself into and whether it's sustainable long-term. Any advice or experiences would be appreciated.

How do you sign up to be a tutor at QCC?
u/Mr-MuffinMan
17 hr. ago

How do you sign up to be a tutor at QCC?
I'd like to tutor for my (hopefully) last semester here, I have a decent GPA with high grades in the classes I seek to tutor in (gen chem 1, a&p 1 and 2). I will also be less than 6 credits this semester (since I only need 1 class for the program I want to apply to) so I don't really want nothing to do.

name change and now can't log in??
u/aggpo
6 hr. ago

name change and now can't log in??
r/CUNY - name change and now can't log in??

Congratulations
u/Broad-Plate7452 avatar
u/Broad-Plate7452
14 days ago

Congratulations
Congratulations to everyone that finished the semester strong. Hope yall did well on ur finals. You did it.

Thoughts/opinions on this schedule?
u/SerendipitousTiger
19 hr. ago

Thoughts/opinions on this schedule?
Discussion
r/CUNY - Thoughts/opinions on this schedule?

Emails
u/omnivore1
4 days ago

Emails
r/CUNY - Emails

John Jay and Queens College Computer Science programs
u/cyborg1612

John Jay and Queens College Computer Science programs
Discussion
Hi, I recently finished an Associates Degree in Computer Science at BMCC, and got accepted into JJ and QC. I know that JJ is very cybersecurity and networks heavy, but I am unfamiliar with how the CS experience is there. I also want to know more about how CS is like at Queens College if anyone is educated on it. Any sort of tidbits or advice about QC or JJ, regarding Computer Science or otherwise is appreciated.

Do I have a chance with grad school?
u/PsychologicalBat3229 avatar
u/PsychologicalBat3229
4 days ago

Do I have a chance with grad school?
Discussion
I have a low GPA 2.1. I'm going to graduate with a BA computer science degree from hunter collge in the summer. At first, I didn't want to apply to a master's program but now I do. I'm not sure who to talk to about this, I'm wondering if its possible. What should I do? I want to study a master in CS or ML at NYU Tandon, or Cornell Tech, or Fordham University

I owe 3669.95 by July 17th but my first pending aid doesn't come till august .
u/wockebk avatar
u/wockebk

I owe 3669.95 by July 17th but my first pending aid doesn't come till august .
My pending aid covers what I owe it even says amount due is 0.00 but I don't even get it till after july 17th . It says I get part of my pending aid August then the rest September.

Cuny is toxic to work for. As faculty and staff, hell even for students
u/ProgrammerIcy73 avatar
u/ProgrammerIcy73
8 days ago

Cuny is toxic to work for. As faculty and staff, hell even for students
Payments take months Favorites get all the handouts Faculty and staff are lied to I've sat in meetings where the higher ups blatantly laugh about union contracts, seen staff get written up or not reappointed for sticking up for students. Sometimes I just want to do a tell all and give names Queens College, City, Grad Center, Tech. Those are just a few. If you're faculty or staff, I suggest really getting involved with the union.

When I try to finish my application I can't finish typing out my user name.
u/wusswrongwitchu avatar
u/wusswrongwitchu
9 hr. ago

When I try to finish my application I can't finish typing out my user name.
I'm literally trying to go back to college and trying to finish my application but every time I log on cuny.edu I can't finish typing out my user name and I can't finish the application

Need advice for academic integrity PEN grade
u/XplorersSummit avatar
u/XplorersSummit
10 days ago

Need advice for academic integrity PEN grade
r/CUNY - Need advice for academic integrity PEN grade

Heads Up: Adjuncts be mindful of your summer class enrollment numbers
u/No-Dependent8322
7 days ago

Heads Up: Adjuncts be mindful of your summer class enrollment numbers
Posting as an adjunct who is teaching a course over the summer. I am at a school where the course must be 80% full for it to run. I am noticing that the school keeps increasing the seats in the course whenever the class reaches 80% enrollment. I have addressed it with my department and recommend others check their numbers and do the same if you notice this.

Anyone else without a summer internship?
u/futura705
1 mo. ago

Anyone else without a summer internship?
Applied to like 5 places and got rejected from all of them lol. Job market is crazy

CUNY cares survey
u/Sweaty_Training7991

CUNY cares survey
r/CUNY - CUNY cares survey

College Experience
u/Spirited_Yogurt9700 avatar
u/Spirited_Yogurt9700

College Experience
I wanted to ask for CUNY students of different colleges, what is you're experience like socially? is there anything you recommend for people to do or know of when it comes to the social life to you're college?

York college nursing first year schedule opinions u
u/Glum_Agent4369 avatar
u/Glum_Agent4369
7 days ago

York college nursing first year schedule opinions u
r/CUNY - York college nursing first year schedule opinions u